Audit/worker (#153)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/seal-workers/seal-workers.md

You can run a _Lotus Worker_ on the same machine as the _Lotus Miner_. This can be helpful to manage priorities between processes or better allocate available CPUs for each task. The `lotus-miner` daemon performs worker tasks by default, so to avoid conflicts we recommend disabling all task types in the [miner config Storage section]({{< relref "configuration#storage-section" >}}).

> Additionally, be mindful of the local resources used by the sealing process (particularly CPU). WindowPoSTs are CPU (and GPU if available) intensive and need to be submitted by the miner regularly. If a miner is performing other CPU-bound sealing operations in parallel, it may fail to submit the WindowPoSTs in time, thus [losing collateral](https://docs.filecoin.io/mine/slashing/) in the process. For this reason, we recommend careful allocation of CPU cores and GPUs available between Lotus Miners and Lotus Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, be mindful of the local resources used by the sealing process (particularly CPU). WindowPoSTs are CPU and GPU intensive. WindowPoSTs need to be submitted by the miner regularly. If a miner is performing other CPU-bound sealing operations in parallel, it may fail to submit the WindowPoSTs in time, and [lose collateral](https://docs.filecoin.io/mine/slashing/) in the process. For this reason, we recommend careful allocation of CPU cores and GPUs available between `lotus-miner` and `lotus-worker` instances.
```
